Hi.
We didn't his lecture we going to bring in the boxes and re going to give them physics attributes as
well.
So let me tidy up here a little bit.
I'm going to write birth here because we doing bird operations.
And let me cut this and paste over here because we're going to do the soft out physics by the NSF stop
other operations in here.
So this is related to physics by the or the scene physics body.
OK.
And under here we're going to do the box operations so I'm going to create five boxes over here.
First of which box one this is going to be in this case bright note and again a box too.
This is again in this case bright note.
We're going to do that for Box Tree as case bright note.
And let me create box 4.
This is again in this case bright note.
And finally we have this box five as case bright note.
So let me come over here.
OK.
Let me close this down and come over here and let's write the box as we did in the previous lecture.
So I'm going to say box one is a child's note right.
So Box 1 is actually a child node and the node name that I'm looking for is the box one again.
And I'm going to first cast is as to be as s case for I note after doing that I can give the physics
body.
Now how do I do that.
I have to go for escape physics buddy and this will ask me for some size and we're not going to go for
radius this time.
We're going to go for a rectangle because remember our bucks actually looks like a rectangle in this
case.
So we have to create the texture to get the size of this rectangle and I'm going to call SDK texture
and it will ask me for an Image Name.
OK.
This one image named and I believe our name is Brick.
Yep this is the one that's come over here and right.
Brick.
So this will give us the texture and we need it size.
So right now we have to get the video and we have to get the height as in the previous lecture.
We only got the radius but this time we have to get the width and height.
So let's say something like Box texture K or C size first of all.
And in the vets section we are going to get the box texture that size not that again.
And in here we only got the size that height but it won't work at this point because we have a width
and we have the height.
So let's go for box texture that size.
OK.
Dot width so this will give me the width and I'm going to divide it by five.
So if that's too much or if that's too low we're going to adjust it later on I'm going to do the same
thing in here.
I'm going to get the height and divide it by five.
So after Dad I'm going to go over here and say size.
Now we have the physics body.
Now I'm going to do what we have been doing so far.
So this is going to be dynamic.
Right.
So this is true.
And again the physics body that's affected by gravity.
Yep.
This is true as well.
This will be affected by gravity.
So do I need the mass over here.
Yes actually we need a mass but we have to figure out something much more important than the mass V.
We can't give it the mass and we will think about it in a minute but before giving a mass I'm going
to say a closer rotation.
So this will actually low our boxes to rotate.
So when a bird hits them they will rotate.
They will roll over and fall over.
And it's what we want.
Right.
We want something dynamic.
We want something rolling and we want something rotating.
So let's give the mass and I'm going to go for something like 0 point 5 or 1 kg or 0 point 4.
So it doesn't matter we just going to try it and if that's too much we go to adjust it later on we cannot
know the mass of the box yet.
So let me copy and paste is five times so that we can just do it for bucks too.
OK so this is a box too.
And this is for Box Tree and we're going to do the same thing for Box four and finally box five so five
five five and five and accidently I copy that like six times so let me let this.
And of course we going to have to just change this to be box three four and five.
Here you go.
Now we have all of this.
So in fact let's go and test.
And see if we made it right.
Because we have to adjust the physics bodies as well.
And here you go.
As you can see it works.
But there are some spaces over here and we cannot see the ground properly so it's not related to birth
at all.
And we're going to have to take care of that problem right now because it's blocking the way that we
work.
So let me try to make this a little bit smaller like this and see if it works and if it doesn't.
I believe we have some scaling problem and we're going to take care of that again.
And here you go it doesn't work.
So I believe it's a scaling problem.
I'm going to show you how to solve this as well.
So far we cannot see the base.
So I'm going to take this back.
I'm going to make this the way it used to be again.
OK so this one.
And as you can see it now covers all the screen one more time but I'm going to change the scale type
of my scene so remember in the images we have something called content type and we have either aspect
field or aspect fit maybe you remembered that.
And in here we have the same thing.
So if you come over here to your physics body and if you call s that scene you can actually change its
scale type and you can set it to be aspect fit.
So I'm going to do this.
So I'm going to say self that scene OK.
I'm referring to my scene over here and scene that scale mode.
So this scale modes will get the value of aspect fit or aspect feel as you can see if you say that you
can see the other options I'm going to go for aspect fit.
And once we do that you will see our base problem we'll get a result.
Here we go.
Now we can see the bottom of the birth and bottom of our base as well.
And now we only have this problem.
That's our physics body for our boxes are actually bigger than it should be because they look like it's
full they're floating over the air but we don't want that.
So let's change it a little bit.
For example let's divide it by six rather than five and try it and see if that works for us.
So let me run this on our simulator one more time.
And here you go now it works fine and it's kind of stacked over each other but it's OK because we're
going to throw some birds over them anyway.
So I believe this is looking good.
So now we brought in the birds we brought in the boxes and we managed to give the physical properties
of these views.
Now what we want to do is to learn how to inmate the bird how to throw the bird how to move the bird
around so that they can collide with it.
That's what we're going to do in the next lecture.